what's up everybody yes Dale here and
I've been a runner from my luxury room
on the executive floor of the Sofitel
hotel in Queenstown New Zealand as you
can see a room is pretty sweet yeah so
just give you guys a little Sur which I
should have done before I'm in a real
mess of the place but whatever
yeah real comfy dressing-gown for
chilling in everyday you get like the
nerves from whichever country you tell
them you're from so I'm getting this
written today what about Gaddafi who
isn't British I don't know what that's
all about some coffee making machine or
something but I don't drink coffee
probably make some hot chocolate out
later yeah it's like all this garbage
minibar is pretty sweet about pretty
expensive but it is quite tempting just
firing some of those little miniature
spirits there's also more in here
like like 10 times marked up Pringles
and all that TVs pretty sweet as got all
the satellite channels and streaming
movies and stuff really cool boss same
system with it nice comfy chairs I have
like throw my over there there's
really nice like super comfortable it's
a memory foam mattress and sometimes I
just like will lay down for a rest and
just fell asleep woke up like two hours
later I'll make what and yeah and
electric heater which is getting a bit
cold here so I've pulled that out and
get on pair of 30 under L and the floor
standard so standard nice desk for rent
dinner or whatever
bathrooms pretty sweet
it's the sink area there beg sherry got
overhead ratio and the attachment you
can use both at the same time so that's
pretty cool and also the big deep
jacuzzi back so just fill up a hot water
get the jacuzzi on get the bubbles and
all that stuff and it's got a TV here
with streaming movies so for a delay in
the jacuzzi watching Meet the Fockers
and Pirates of the Caribbean like the
whole movie just lying there with some
drinks is pretty cool
think knocked up or something just
playing us now yeah so that's pretty
sweet
we are on the top floor but it's not
such a high building because of like
building restrictions in Queenstown so
not that high up let's take a look at
sides you can open the door
there you go the ramp sir from Sofitel
hotel and Queenstown New Zealand peace